CTOR-1136 : Refresh network-riverbed-steelhead-snmp (#3803)
centreon/centreon-documentation: pp/integrations/plugin-packs/procedures/network-riverbed-steelhead-snmp.md

| Service Alias          | Service Template                                          | Service Description                                                                                                                                |
|:-----------------------|:----------------------------------------------------------|:---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Bandwidth-Optimization | Net-Riverbed-Steelhead-Bandwidth-Optimization-SNMP-custom | Check total optimized bytes across all application ports                                                                                           |
| Bandwidth-Passthrough  | Net-Riverbed-Steelhead-Bandwidth-Passthrough-SNMP-custom  | Check passthrough bandwidth in both directions                                                                                                     |
| Connections            | Net-Riverbed-Steelhead-Connections-SNMP-custom            | Check connections                                                                                                                                  |

> | Cpu                    | Net-Riverbed-Steelhead-Cpu-SNMP-custom                    | Check the rate of utilization of CPU for the machine. This check can give the average CPU utilization rate and the rate per CPU for multi-core CPU |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Cpu                    | Net-Riverbed-Steelhead-Cpu-SNMP-custom                    | Check the rate of CPU utilization for the machine. This check can give the average CPU utilization rate and the rate per CPU for multi-core CPU |
```

| Disk-Utilization       | Net-Riverbed-Steelhead-Disk-Utilization-SNMP-custom       | Check disk usage                                                                                                                                   |
| Load-Average           | Net-Riverbed-Steelhead-Load-Average-SNMP-custom           | Check CPU utilization and system load                                                                                                              |

> | Memory                 | Net-Riverbed-Steelhead-Memory-SNMP-custom                 | Check the rate of the utilization of memory                                                                                                        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Memory                 | Net-Riverbed-Steelhead-Memory-SNMP-custom                 | Check the rate of memory utilization                                                                                                        |
```

| Status                 | Net-Riverbed-Steelhead-Status-SNMP-custom                 | Check the equipment status                                                                                                                         |

> | Temperature            | Net-Riverbed-Steelhead-Temperature-SNMP-custom            | Check the temperature for the machine                                                                                                              |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Temperature            | Net-Riverbed-Steelhead-Temperature-SNMP-custom            | Check the temperature of the machine                                                                                                              |
```

> The services listed above are created automatically when the **Net-Riverbed-Steelhead-SNMP-custom** host template is used.

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="Not attached to a host template" label="Not attached to a host template">

| Service Alias        | Service Template                                        | Service Description                                                                                                                                         | Discovery  |
|:---------------------|:--------------------------------------------------------|:------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|:----------:|

> | Cpu-Detailed         | Net-Riverbed-Steelhead-Cpu-Detailed-SNMP-custom         | Check the detailed rate of utilization of CPU for the machine. This check can give the average CPU utilization rate and the rate per CPU for multi-core CPU |            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Cpu-Detailed         | Net-Riverbed-Steelhead-Cpu-Detailed-SNMP-custom         | Check the detailed rate of CPU utilization for the machine. This check can give the average CPU utilization rate and the rate per CPU for multi-core CPU |            |
```

> | Disk-Global          | Net-Riverbed-Steelhead-Disk-Global-SNMP-custom          | Check the rate of free space on disks. For each checks the mount point of disks will appear                                                                 | X          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Disk-Global          | Net-Riverbed-Steelhead-Disk-Global-SNMP-custom          | Check the rate of free space on the disks. For each check the mount point of disks will appear                                                                 | X          |
```

> | Packet-Errors-Global | Net-Riverbed-Steelhead-Packet-Errors-Global-SNMP-custom | Check packets on errors/discards of multiple network interfaces                                                                                             | X          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Packet-Errors-Global | Net-Riverbed-Steelhead-Packet-Errors-Global-SNMP-custom | Check packets in error/discarded from multiple network interfaces                                                                                             | X          |
```

> | Traffic-Global       | Net-Riverbed-Steelhead-Traffic-Global-SNMP-custom       | Check the bandwidth of interfaces. For each checks the name of the interface will appear                                                                    | X          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Traffic-Global       | Net-Riverbed-Steelhead-Traffic-Global-SNMP-custom       | Check the bandwidth of interfaces. For each check the name of the interface will appear                                                                    | X          |
```
